feat: Add a new option to throw an error for x-cybozu-warning (#304)
kintone/js-sdk: packages/rest-api-client/README.md

| proxy.auth.password                         |                              String                              |                             | The password of Basic authentication for the proxy server.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| featureFlags                                |                              Object                              |                             | Feature flags that you can configure                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | featureFlags.enableAbortedSearchResultError |                             boolean                              |                             | An option whether throwing `KintoneAbortedSearchResultError` or not. `false` is the default value.                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| featureFlags.enableAbortedSearchResultError |                             boolean                              |                             | An option whether to throw `KintoneAbortedSearchResultError` or not. `false` is the default value.                                                                                                                                                                               |
```
